Update content on environment page (#915)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/platform/concepts/environments.mdx

icon: 'GitFork'
---

Novu uses environments to separate your development and production workflows. When you create an account, you'll get two default environments: **Development** and **Production**.

## Development environment

Use the development environment to test new notification workflows, validate changes before deploying to production, and experiment with different configurations.

> The Development environment is your primary workspace for building and testing. This is the only environment where you should create and modify workflows, layouts, and notification translations.

Reviewer: @Aviatorscode2 

As customers in the `team` and `enterprise` tiers can create custom environment, so those environments can also act as non production environment. Can you please rephrase this line and remove the word `primary` and `only`

Use this environment to:
- Build new notification workflows.
- Iterate on email designs using layouts.
- Add and update language translations.
- Test changes and experiment with different configurations before they go live.

## Production environment

The Production environment is your live environment, sending notifications to real users. To ensure stability and prevent unintended changes, this environment is view-only for workflows, layouts, and translations. 

> Changes are not made here directly but are pushed from the development environment via the publishing process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes are not made here directly but are pushed from the non production environment via the publishing process.
```
